A cat standing on tree branches.	A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.	Two green and white trains on tracks.
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.	A white cat stands on the floor.
A large boat in the water at the marina.	A large boat on the sea.
a bus driving in a street.	Red double decker bus driving down street.
The lamb is looking at the camera.	A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
A passenger train waiting in a station.	A passenger train sits in the station.
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.	Woman at table busy with something.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.	A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
A close-up of a brown horse's head.	A side view of a horse's head.
A group of people eat at a table outside.	Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
The curious boys look in the shed.	Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
A jockey riding a horse.	A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
A bull standing in the field.	A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.	A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
A woman riding a brown horse.	A young girl riding a brown horse.
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.	A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.	A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
A moped in front of steps of ruins.	A moped in front of ruins.
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.	A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.	Four people eating dessert around a table.
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.	A black dog standing in a field.
Close up of a bottle of water.	A close up view of a bottle of water.
A close up of a brown faced cat.	A close up of an ostrich face.
sheep standing in afield.	A sheep grazing in a field.
A group of people eat at a table outside.	A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.	A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.	A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.	A small white car parked at the gas station.
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.	A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
Two cats are looking at a window.	A white cat looking out of a window.
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.	a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.	A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.	A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.	A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
The cows feed in the trough.	The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.	A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.	Black and brown table in living room setting.
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	A brown horse in a green field.
a black and white cow in hay.	A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.	The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.	A race care driving along a dirt road.
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.	Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.	A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
Three young women standing in a room together.	Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.	The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
A group of sheep in a field.	A group of horses grazing in a field.
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.	A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.	Messy computer desk with two monitors.
A man sitting in a cluttered room.	A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
Two white cows in a green pasture.	The tan horse is in the pasture.
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.	Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.	Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.	A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	four people sitting at a table.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.	A red two story bus driving along the street.
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.	Two women sitting outside laughing.
A bird holding on to a metal gate.	A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.	The white ducks are standing on the ground.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.	A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
a woman with a big necklace.	A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.	Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.	A cruise ship docked at shore.
Black and white cat lying under bush.	The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.	A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.	A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.	A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
The lamb is looking at the camera.	A cat looking at the camera.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	A double decker bus on a city street.
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
Two men on boat floating on the water.	Large green boat floating on water.l.
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.	The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
A black and white photo of an old train station.	A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.	Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.	Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
A woman holding a small baby.	A smiling woman holding a small baby.
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.	A group of horses grazing in a field.
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.	Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.	A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
Two Eagles perched on a branch.	Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.	Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.	Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.	A man and woman are posing for the camera.
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.	Room with several computer monitors.
Five birds stand on the snow.	Several cardinals stand in the snow.
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.	The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.	A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
A passenger train in the snow.	A passenger train waiting in a station.
The black bird is sitting on the ground.	A blackbird sitting on the ground.
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.	a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.	Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear. 